Master Liu, you are in trouble
How did you kneel down for him?
Now figure it out.
Which side is he on?
Who are you?
I'm a trap
Listen to me clearly
You only listen to Xiao Yunyan
If there is a next time
As a result, you know
Understand get out
Go go go go
Fang Chen and I come to the company to visit my wife
Fang Chen, who are you?
That Fifth Master Luo is a figure who calls the wind and calls the rain on the road
Why are you afraid to die?
Tell your true identity
Neither can you, wife
I had to continue to change
Since you are so interested in my wife
Then I'll confess and be lenient.
So much nonsense
Luo Weiyan is like me
In fact, it is also a walk-on
You know.
Accidents are inevitable in the marriage of the drama group
And I reached out to save his life.
So Lord Rob is a grateful person
I've always wanted to pay off this favor
It's that simple.